Update Boskos Projects Permission (#1605)
knative/test-infra: ci/prow/README.md

- `run_job.sh` Convenience script to start a Prow job from command-line.
- `set_boskos_permissions.sh` Script to set up permissions for a Boskos project.
- `testgrid.yaml` Generated Testgrid configuration.

> - `update_all_boskos_permissions.sh` Script to re-run boskos permissions for boskos projects defined in `boskos_resources.yaml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `update_all_boskos_permissions.sh` Script to reset permissions in Boskos projects.
```
